So this is the first beta-release of a kioslave using the new protocol-concept.
It is meant to be used as a replacement for the kioslave that comes with kfm
0.6.6 and higher.

* Why Protocols?

	When I first saw kfm I thought that adding a new protocol (like smb-Support
	to be able to read windows-shares or zip-Support to be able to browse com-
	pressed files) would be very easy. But that wasn't true. Adding one protocol
	requires writing a new Manager for it, and you would not be able to do some
	of the things you can do with files either.

	Some of the features of KFM are built only in certain Managers, work only
	with certain protocols and so on...

	So I thought of putting all the information relevant to a protocol or method
	to access files (like crypting for example) into a class so that KFM would
	not even have to be recompiled when adding support for new packers.

	Later there will be no need to recompile anything at all, because protocols
	will be able in modules (working as shared libraries).

* The Standard...

	... is far from being finished. The main thing that is missing is the
	difference between a protocol (like ftp/http/file/smb) and a method to
	access files that requires a protocol to obtain data to work (eg.
	zip/tar/... but you can even imagine as exotic things as a mail-protocol
	that lets you display your mail-folder).

* What is done

	It's only a rough implementation to give you a impression how things will
	work later. File-Protocol and HTTP-Protocol are almost ready-to-use, the
	FTP-Protocol might be a little buggy for now.

	- HTTP-Proxy-Support works now (look at http.h and define your proxy if
	you have one).

	- HTTP-Authentication works (use http://user@host.somewhere.org/...)

* What is missing

	Tar support is not done because it requires the missing definitions in the
	standard. There really should be a caching concept to implement it fast,
	too.  (Or looking into a tar-file that is on a ftp-server will be
	really slow!).

	Errorhandling is not really everywhere.

* To add new protocols

	Please do not add packers right now. To add protocols (anyone want to do
	SMB?) simply derive a class from the KProtocol-class, define the methods
	you support and add the protocol in protocols/manage.cpp.

	Sorry, there is no plug-and-play way to use protocols you created yet.

	And please: don't create tempfiles in your protocol!!

Please contact me if you have suggestions or comments about anything new
in kioslave. Feel free to send me bugreports also, but remember this is
the first beta release and not everything can be stable.

If you have good ideas where and how to implement protocol-specific con-
figuration (like which proxy to use for http), tell me ;)

													<stefan@space.twc.de>
